
			(-:	About HybFS     :-)


HybFS is an almost semantic file system on Linux that can be overlaid on other file systems
and provide multiple organizational views of the same original hierarchy of files, without 
altering the interface for the existing applications. This is realized by associating multiple
tags with files. A user can create and assign many tags to a file or groups of files containing
other tags. The browsing and file operations can be done by using the concept of virtual directory.
We can think of a virtual directory as a combination of tags, using logic operators like 
disjunction, conjunction or negation. This will also be known as a query.

In a semantic file system, the navigation is based on the additional metadata associated with files,
therefore offering multiple views of the same files. In a hierarchical file system, there is only 
one organizational view of the data, and a file can be identified in a unique way using this view. 
We mentioned that HybFS is an almost semantic file system, because it actually represents a 
compromise between the hierarchic and semantic file systems. The user can organize files in a 
hierarchic way, but in the same time can assign tags, or keywords, to the files.

You can find more details about it on the project home wiki: http://code.google.com/p/soaprj/wiki/HybFS


			(-:	How to's     :-)


1.1 Install

	Requirements:
-  FUSE
-  Boost C++ Libraries 1.37 ( http://www.boost.org/ ). After getting them, change the path
to them in the Makefile from src/hybfs-core/ - by setting the BOOST variable.
- Sqlite3 - by default this should be already in the sqlite directory. If not, install it and
set the SQLITE variable.
- Doxygen to generate the documentation.


After that, just run:

	make 

and
	make install

to copy the executables in the ./bin folder and to generate the documentation in doc/.
I didn't added fancy options to copy them somewhere else (not yet).

To clean the mess: 

	make clean


1.2 Mount a directory

	./hybfs dir/ mount_point/

The first parameter is the directory to be overlaid. The parsing is done for multiple directories separated 
with ":" in the hope that sometime in the far future there will be support for multiple directories. 
For now, it can be only one survivor.

Also, you can run ./run_check to check hybfs with valgrind for mem leaks (and errors) - obviously you'll need
valgrind for this :D .

As a method of storing the DB stuff: a directory named .hybfs/ will be created in the wanted branch. Also, 
the tables from the sqlite database are stored in the file .hybfs_main.db from the same folder.

1.3 Use the  other stuff




                      )-:    TODO List      :-(

Almost everything.



